(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
Ono, how's it looking
from up there?
We've got
a big rain cloud
moving in.
Other than that,
no signs of trouble.
Wait.
Mzingo and the vultures.
They're circling...
And that usually
is a sign of trouble.
Let's go see
what they're up to.
Ono, lead the way!
Affirmative!
So, where are you
taking me exactly?
Don't worry,
we're almost there.
KIARA:
You know I have
to be back soon.
It's the first time
I'm presiding over
the Royal Buffalo Wallow.
My mom and dad
won't be there.
It's just me.
So I have to make
a good impression.
(GIGGLES)
Of course.
That's what
this is all about.
And...
You were going to help me
get ready, remember?
We will, Kiara.
Look.
Here we are!
Urembo Meadows!
And we're here...
Why?
(SIGHS) You need
to look your best for
your princessy duties.
What's wrong with
the way I look now?
Nothing, Kiara!
Nothing at all!
Nothing that
we can't fix.
(GIGGLES)
Oh, c'mon Kiara!
It'll be fun!
Okay.
I guess
I have a little time.
(SHRIEKING)
As senior member
of the Lunch Committee,
I move we forego
prolonged debate...
And dive into business.
I second the motion.
(SCREECHING)
Vultures!
Leave the baby baboon alone!
(SQUAWKS)
(GRUNTS)
Go ahead.
Make your move, Mwoga!
Don't worry, baboonie!
The Lion Guard will save you.
Incoming!
No! (GRUNTS)
(YELPING)
Uh, yield to the Guard!
Yield to the Guard!
(BABOON GIBBERING)
(PANTING)
All right, little guy.
You're safe.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
First baboons,
now rain...
(SIGHS)
Could it get any better?
(SCREECHING)
Oh, no!
Baboonie!
Fuli! The baboon!
You're the only one
fast enough!
Got it, Kion.
Huwezi!
You know, Kiara,
a little moisture is good
for your complexion.
A little moisture?
This rainstorm
could last all day.
Huh?
(BOTH INHALING)
After all that rain,
the flowers smell
even sweeter!
Which means
you'll smell even sweeter
for the Buffalo Wallow!
(SIGHING)
(DISTANT RUMBLING)
(GASPS)
Oh, no.
That was
our only way back!
Huh?
I don't remember an island
being there before...
Kiara?
(GRUNTING)
Hold on!
I've got you! (GRUNTS)
There, you're safe.
Again.
(GIBBERING)
(GROANS)
Maybe you should
go on home now.
Aw, that's so cute!
I think the little guy
likes you.
Too bad Fuli
doesn't like baboons.
I like baboons just fine.
As long as they're not
anywhere near me.
Everyone.
Everyone!
You won't believe this, but...
(COOING)
Somebody want
to get this thing off me?
Somebody want to get me
off this island?
Kiara?
Oh. Yes.
That's what I was going
to say you wouldn't believe.
I thought
Dad asked you to handle
the Buffalo Wallow ceremony.
What are you doing
on that island?
It's wasn't an island
when we got here.
The rain washed away
all the land around us.
Relax, Kiara.
We'll get you
off that island.
Yeah, Kiara!
Listen to Kion.
Come and relax
in the flowers.
By the time
the Lion Guard rescues us,
we'll have you smelling
and looking great for
the buffaloes.
Uh, Kion?
What're we going
to do with this guy?
We need to get him home.
His family probably lives
in the big baboon tree in
Nyani Grove.
It's not far.
So it shouldn't take you
too long to get him home.
Me? Uh...
Don't you need me
to help you get
Kiara off the island?
We can manage
until you get back.
Besides, I think
that baby baboon
kinda likes you.
(COOING)
Lucky me. (SIGHS)
All right,
off to Nyani Grove it is.
Be right back.
Thanks, Fuli.
You ready?
(COOING)
Huwezi!
(CHEERING)
Hey, easy on the ears.
(GIBBERING)
And don't pull my tail!
(GROANS) Baboons!
(COOING)
Well, here you are.
Back home in Nyani Grove.
Now I can get back
to helping the Lion Guard.
Baboons?
Hello!
Anybody home?
Fuli of the Lion Guard?
What are you doing here?
I just wanted to make sure
this baby got home safe.
Ah... (HOOTS)
That's nice of you.
Just one little problem.
That's not our baby.
(HOOTS) He belongs
to our, uh, neighbors.
Fine.
Which tree do they live in?
(LAUGHING) Tree?
They don't live
in a tree, Fuli.
They live
on Mapango Cliffs.
In a cave.
Way up at the top.
Way up at the top?
(SIGHS) Guess this is going
to take a little longer
than I thought.
Fuli?
When you see
the cliff baboons,
will you give them
a message from us?
What is it?
Ooh, ooh, ooh!
Ah! (GRUNTS)
(BABOONS SHRIEKING)
(GRUNTS)
(SIGHS) Baboons!
Always throwing fruit.
(SIGHS) Huwezi!
Now, whose turn is it
to climb down and pick up
all the throwing fruit?
(GIBBERING SOFTLY)
(GRUNTS) Baboons...
Tiifu, Zuri!
We have to find
a way off this island.
(SIGHS) What are you doing?
(GRUNTS)
(GIGGLING)
Giving you
a mud facial!
Remember, it never hurts
to look your best!
(MUFFLED GROANS)
Don't move.
It has to dry.
(GIGGLES)
Don't you just love it?
(MUFFLED SPEECH)
What did she say?
I think she said...
(MUMBLING)
Ugh! I said,
"We're trapped!"
And I don't want to keep
the buffaloes waiting.
We have to find a way
to cross that river!
But why even attend
the buffalo ceremony
if you're not looking
your best?
Your fur feels
softer already!
Now, how about
some more mud?
A-ha! I got it!
Use the Roar to get
rid of all the water!
Then they could just
walk off the island.
Unless the Roar
destroys the island.
That wouldn't be good.
But there might be
another way to get them
off the island.
We can make a bridge!
(BABOON GIBBERING)
(SCREECHING)
(GROANS) Hey, baboon?
Mind making a little
less noise up there?
(CONTINUES SCREECHING)
(SIGHS) That's better.
Nice and quiet.
A little too quiet.
(GASPS) Baboon?
Baboon!
Ow.
(GIGGLING)
Oh, no! Don't even think
about... (GRUNTS)
(SIGHS)
♪ It doesn't matter
what tricks you play
♪ Still gotta help you
find your way
♪ Come on down,
let the silliness end
♪ Maybe you and I
can still be friends
♪ Yes, I'm wondering why
♪ Can't we just see
♪ Eye to eye?
♪ Bab-oo-oo-oo-oons
♪ You're always up to trouble
♪ Make that trouble double
♪ Bab-oo-oo-oo-oons
♪ I wish we could go
our separate ways
♪ Bab-oo-oo-oo-oons
♪ Being funny is okay for sure
♪ What you're doing here
is something more
♪ Disrespecting
everyone you see
♪ Won't make you
friends so easily
♪ Yes, I'm wondering why
♪ Can't we just see
♪ Eye to eye?
♪ Bab-oo-oo-oo-oons
♪ You're always up to trouble
♪ You make that trouble double
♪ Bab-oo-oo-oo-oons
♪ I wish we could go
our separate ways
♪ Bab-oo-oo-oo-oons
♪ If you'd behave
♪ Stop throwing fruits
♪ I might admit
you're kinda cute
♪ Bab-oo-oo-oo-oons
♪ You're always up to trouble
♪ You make that trouble double
♪ Bab-oo-oo-oo-oons
♪ I wish we could go
our separate ways
♪ Bab-oo-oo-oo-oons
♪ I wish we could go
our separate ways
♪ Bab-oo-oo-oo-oons
♪ Bab-oo-oo-oo-oons ♪
(GROANS) Baboons.
Twende Kiboko!
ONO: That's it,
Beshte!
Poa!
One tree bridge,
ready to go!
And there it goes.
Along with more
of the island.
(ALL GROANING)
KIARA: Tiifu, Zuri!
What? Is it time
to roll over?
Try lying
in the sun, Kiara.
It's so relaxing.
I'm sure it is.
But we're getting
out of here. Now!
What about
the Lion Guard?
Aren't they going
to rescue us?
No time to wait.
Besides,
I've got a plan.
We're gonna make
a stepping stone path
to shore.
All we need
is a few big stones.
Ooh, I see a stone!
This will be easy!
We'll need something
just a little bigger.
Ooh! This is bigger!
And shinier!
I can see my face in it!
Really? Let me see!
Does my nose
look big to you?
No, it looks pretty.
(CHUCKLES)
Yes, that should do it.
(STRAINING)
(PANTING)
A little help?
But... I might
chip a claw.
(GROWLS) Zuri.
Oh.
(GIGGLES NERVOUSLY)
Since you put it
that way...
Okay, here we go.
One, two, three...
Push!
(ALL STRAINING)
Are we done yet?
We need to roll it
over the edge.
Oh! You have got
to be kidding!
I mean...
Go us!
Yay!
(ALL STRAINING)
It's moving!
We did it!
Yay!
No. We didn't.
But we got the rock
to the river.
(SIGHS) I'll just have
to think of something else.
(SIGHS) Too bad that
boulder idea didn't work.
Better tell Kion.
Won't be long.
You're almost home.
(VULTURES SQUAWKING)
(GASPS) Oh, no!
We have to get past
the vultures to get
to the cliffs.
So get down.
And no noise.
Good.
Now follow me.
Hmm, I was certain I saw
that delectable little baboon
around here somewhere.
I move we keep looking.
And I second it!
All in favor?
Aye!
(GASPS)
Hmm.
All who think that sounded
like a little baboon say aye.
Aye!
The ayes have it.
Let us investigate.
Listen,
I've got an idea.
(RUSTLING)
There! In the grass!
(CHUCKLING)
(SING-SONG) Come out,
come out, wherever you...
Oh. It's you.
Greetings, Fuli.
All alone, are we?
That's right.
All alone.
Just the way
I like it.
Hmm. Really?
What happened to
that delicious...
I mean, adorable baby
baboon we were trying
to help earlier?
Trying to help?
Oh, yes.
He was hopelessly lost
and we were trying to
guide him home.
(WHIMPERING)
I'm sure he's found
his way home by now.
So, if you don't mind...
I'm on a hunt.
Hmm. Indeed.
Uh, what are you hunting?
Well, you're looking
pretty plump.
Me? Yes...
Well... Ahem.
Meeting adjourned!
They're gone... Again.
Good job staying quiet
under there.
(SNEEZES)
So Kiara tried
to use a boulder
as a stepping stone?
Sounds like
a good plan.
Yes. Unfortunately,
it collapsed part of
the island into the water.
Just like our tree did.
They were both
good plans.
Just not good enough.
Hmm, I wonder...
If we put both plans
together...
Bunga, Beshte, help me
move that big boulder.
BUNGA: You got it!
BESHTE: Ready
when you are.
Ono, fly over and get
Kiara, Tiifu, and Zuri.
Bring them to that tree.
I see...
Of course!
On my way!
Finally!
Here we are.
You're home safe and...
(GIBBERING)
(SIGHS) Figures.
Get him all this way
and he just runs off.
(GIBBERING)
(SIGHS) Baboons!
(HOOTING)
Oh, there you are!
You're okay.
(SIGHS) Okay.
Guess my work here's done.
(GASPS)
MZINGO: Motion
to engage with lunch?
Aye!
(GASPING)
Oh, no, you don't!
I like your plan, Kion.
But we better be quick.
This island isn't going
to last much longer.
But we can't leave yet.
We haven't finished
getting ready for
your Royal Buffalo thingy!
(BOTH YELPING)
ONO: Hapana!
(ALL GASPING)
BOTH: Help!
Don't worry,
I've got you!
(STRAINING)
(ALL SIGH)
BOTH: You saved us!
That's what princesses do.
Now let's get out
of here. Kion?
(ALL STRAINING)
We're all set
with the boulder!
KION: You ready
to knock over that tree?
I'm ready!
Are you ready?
BOTH: Ready.
Then... Push!
(ALL STRAINING)
You did it!
We all did it!
Right.
(VULTURES SQUAWKING)
Attack!
(SCREAMS)
Vultures!
Claws off my baboon!
(GRUNTS)
It's no use, Fuli.
You can't climb faster
than we can fly.
(LAUGHING)
(BABOONS GIBBERING)
(BOTH GROANING)
(PANTING) Baboons!
Oh! That's it!
Hold 'em off.
I'm almost there!
Get the baby!
I'll take care of Fuli.
(GRUNTS)
(YELPS)
(GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
(SCREAMING)
(THUDS)
Argh!
(LAUGHS) Thanks!
(LAUGHING)
I'll be back for you.
(YELLS)
Mzingo.
Tell your parliament
to back off!
(SQUAWKING)
(GIBBERING)
Emergency motion
to cease and desist!
Shall we form a committee
and put it to a vote?
No! Stop!
(STAMMERS) Go! Now!
(CHANTING) Fuli! Fuli! Fuli!
(CHUCKLES) Baboons.
Thank you for
saving my baby.
Huwezi!
I'm sorry
we weren't able
to help you, Kiara.
But you did help.
I could never have gotten off
that island without you two.
I meant I'm sorry
we couldn't help
you look better.
There are more important
things than how you look.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I have a royal duty
to perform.
(BUFFALO GRUNTING)
Your Highness.
Vuruga Vuruga.
So good to see you.
And you.
I must say,
you look ready
for the Wallow!
Usually the royals
are always so stuffy
at these things.
But this,
this is most impressive!
Clearly, you understand
what the Buffalo Wallow
is all about.
Uh, thank you,
Vuruga Vuruga.
Though Zuri and Tiifu deserve
some of the credit, too.
They always insist
I try to look my best.
Now!
Let the Buffalo Wallow begin!
(BUFFALO LOWING)
Poa!
That sure looks like fun.
Fuli?
(SIGHS)
Sorry it took so long.
The baby baboon's home safe.
Just wasn't as simple
as I thought it would be.
Nothing's ever simple
when it comes
to Fuli and baboons.
Yeah!
Bet you're glad to be rid of
that pesky little baboonie.
(LAUGHS) You know it.
(SOFTLY) Baboons.